Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Bye
everyone. Today's Friday, January the
30th. It is the last trading day of the
month. We have some interesting things
going on and so let's get a look at it.
Welcome to the Moneyball morning report.
Gamma flows by Menthther Cube, charts by
Trendpider. Couldn't do couldn't do it
without either of really fantastic
companies. Let's start by taking a look
at the ES and let's talk about what it
means to have the last day of a trading
month that is January. Okay. So into the
big tech earnings event, what we did see
in the positioning of the options flow
is that many of the large players were
bullish on individual names but built a
hedge by shorting the index. And so
that's why we saw the
put walls so far below. Now those hedges
are going to unwind and expire. And when
a hedge is put on, it means that the
market makers have to go in and shift
their delta. And so if somebody is
putting on a bearish hedge, it means
that the market makers actually taking
on a bullish position. So what they have
to do is short the index. And so now
we're having an unwind. So even all of
this noisiness coming in and you know
this has been one of those weeks where
years happen. I hate to quote Lenin but
it feels like it's appropriate. Um
yeah so we've got a new uh we got a new
Fed chair. We've got all kinds of things
going on. But the big thing is this
unwind that is likely to happen. We had
some of it occur on Thursday. We had
some of it occur on Wednesday. Feels
like the majority of it unwound
yesterday, but we're still likely to see
a little bit more call wall at 7,000.
The put wall we will see naturally shift
next week. Here's the next thing on the
horizon. We've got a seasonality dip
ahead of us. That says our next real buy
point is somewhere around midFeb. So,
what are we staring down? This is why I
went to the 4our charts. I'm only going
to go over two charts today because I am
late for a meeting that is already on
its way. All right, so my apologies.
Here's what we've got. We have um this
new downward flow that started on
Wednesday, right? And now we've got this
movement into the base of
uh value area low. That's what these
blue lines are. value area low. Could be
that the bounce unwind takes us to value
area high and then next week we start a
dribble and we come back down into the
support flows. Very very important.
Okay. So what's the story board today?
We have negative drift from a momentum
perspective and we have a downward slope
on the VWAP. That being said, we are
sitting in a broad inventory
accumulation space. So it seems natural
that dips are buys
in this formation statistically and
technically speaking. All right. Now,
where's the line in the sand? My thought
is that it's this 6925 area. below it,
the traders are going to try and buy the
dip. However, if the unwind has already
taken care of itself and [clears throat]
we begin a new leg downward,
we're going to lose this ledge and walk
down into the next areas of frontline
support. And where will those be?
anchored VWAP. I think 6880
looks like a pretty good line in the
sand.
All right, for a frontline support zone
comes today. Maybe not. Fridays are
typically bullish. Could come tomorrow.
All right, the next one I'm going to
cover this is going to look the same. ES
and Q. They're all basically the same.
I'll show you so that you
see what I'm talking about here.
Although
the NQ moved up dramatically, earnings,
right? Chips are the new darlings and
listen, SanDisk, which printed $666,
which I think it's this gigantic joke,
but because you see them print these
sorts of numbers all the time, they I
think they think it's funny. I don't
know who they is, but that's what I'm
saying. So, this SanDisk was $28 10
months ago. 666.
Uh, you think there's a little bit of
bubble action. Yeah. So, forces beyond
our control, mechanical market forces
are driving price actions to the edge. I
would love to say I had SanDisk at uh 28
and held it, but no, I did not, which is
another story, but we won't talk about
that. All right. So, here we are back in
the accumulation zone.
The unwind
probably going to occur. Bounce area one
day max is 26,200
but the call wall is 26,700.
The put wall still 25,000. So what's the
trade? They should, statistically
speaking, try to bounce off of the point
of control, which is what they're trying
to do right now at 25,680
and then 25,850,
which is where they are right now. Back
to 26,
and then down she goes. This is my
thought anyway. But the next one I want
to look at is what's going on with
silver.
So, you might say to yourself, "Good
grief, what's happening?" Well,
uh, Albert Marco, who I talk about all
the time because
the guy is just so,
uh, convicted about what it is that he
believes and thinks that I admire it.
Right? There's a there's an element you
know people can be convicted and be
absolutely wrong and sometimes he is but
the state of conviction is uh very few
people have that sort of line where they
go nope that's me and I'm not going to
cross it. So I I do love that about him.
So yesterday between last between
yesterday afternoon when I tried to take
the short at $11723
and it missed me by five ticks
and then of course had itself another
bounce that rotated down. This chart has
given up 20% of its value. 20%
overnight. Guess what? The bounces are
going to continue to sell. We got a new
Fed chair and he is not the dove that
Trump thinks that he is. President Trump
thinks that he might be a dove. He is
not. And so [laughter]
look out. The market's about to get
jiggy. So what's the story board?
Bounces or sells in all of the metals.
Look at what this thing gave up. I mean,
obviously parabolic. One, two, three,
four, five days.
16 hours. We gave it all back. Lower
lows and lower highs. Still printing.
Let's take a look at gold. Same thing.
Look at this. $600
in movement. $600.
That's
It's bananas. I I truly have never seen
I've never seen uh I I've never seen
metals move like this ever. Never seen a
move in in gold like this. So what what
did we actually move down you know 10%
overnight and there's more coming there
there is more coming. Now, doesn't mean
that we're not going to get reflexive
moves, but look at the size of value
area high to value area low. Value area
low, $4,300.
Value area high, $5,400.
Yeah. So, watch the dribbles, the
bounces likely to be sell zones. Uh,
but some very interesting things of
foot. Notice the put wall
4700.
We could easily get there easily. And
the call wall 5600. We watch things move
around. All right, that's it for me,
folks. Uh bounces or sells in this
particular formation.
But do you see the size of the wicks?
Look for old support that has become
resistance that it tests twice.
Then you can take your short. Okay.
Notice support that becomes resistance
tests twice. Here the bounce up here
again the collapse. And the moment that
it starts moving against you, get out,
take your cuts and wait for the next
opportunity. Okay? It is what it is. All
right, there we have it. Um,
take it easy. I'll see you on the
streams. You guys know Benzinga Pro,
we've got Midday Moneyball, um, group
coaching,
uh, Benzinga Pro option show, big full
day. Good luck. Take care everybody.
I'll see you on the streams.